snowmobile-general-ambience.mp3
https://quicksounds.com/sound/20768/snowmobile-general-ambience



License Agreement
License: Standard License

You MUST agree to the terms below before using our website and downloading and using our free sound effects. We have tried to make our license as easy to understand as possible and we really want you to get the best use from our free sound effects and music. If in any doubt about how you intend to use our sounds with regards to this license, please email contact@quicksounds.com.

This License grants a single user the right to download and use our sound effects.
Attribution / Credit Required

Sound effects licensed via this standard license require attribution in the form of a credit / link back to our website. Please do NOT credit us from any social media platform. Credits must be added to the project itself, for example in your YouTube video description, app or game credits page or your projects related website or blog etc. We are fairly flexible on how you do this, but we recommend something like:

    “Sound effects from https://quicksounds.com“
    “Sounds by https://quicksounds.com“

You can use our sound effects in any non-commercial, commercial and broadcast production, including but not limited to….

    Films, television and radio programmes
    Commercials
    Radio and Podcasts
    Games and apps
    Within software
    YouTube videos
    Blogs and websites
    School projects
    Presentations, conferences, exhibitions etc
    Theatrical performances and live shows
    Musical compositions and performances

Sound effects must be embedded or synchronized with your production and not be the primary value of your project (in a sound effect app for example). You are allowed to edit the sound effects to fit your project and mix them with other sounds to form new sounds. However you must not redistribute the sound effects outside of your production (see below for more details). If your intended use for our sounds isn’t listed above and you are unsure, please email contact@quicksounds.com
What you can’t use our free sound effects for:

You may not use our sound effects for the following purposes under any circumstances…

    Our sound effects must not be shared with any person.
    Our sound effects must not be distributed in any form including on other websites, on social networks, file sharing platforms, or any disk devices.
    Our sound effects can not be loaned, rented, sub-licensed or sold to any third party.
    Our sound effects can not be edited to form new sound effects for sale or distribution outside of your project.

Copyright

Our sound effects and music are licensed to you, not sold on a non-exclusive basis in accordance with the terms of this agreement. No intellectual property rights are transferred to you. Therefore our sound effects and music can be used royalty free in your projects, but we or our contributors retain all copyrights.
Indemnification

The Licensee agrees to indemnify QuickSounds.com from any claims, law-suits, damages and any liabilities including reasonable expenses and legal fees incurred relating to any matter that may arise if this licence agreement is breached.
Disclaimer of Warranties

QuickSounds.com provides the sound effects files on this website on an as-is basis and provides no warranties or conditions of any kind. While we have taken absolute care and precautions to ensure the sound effects we provide are error free, we will not be liable for any loss or damage to your systems as a result of downloading and using our sound effects.
Limitation of Liability

The License agrees that QuickSounds.com holds no liability with regards to any claims made in relation to this agreement.

For any questions regarding your intended use of our sound effects, please email contact@quicksounds.com

